fix(curriculum): description improvement case converter program (#54051)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/663b10c10a4c0a0e095137ee.md

---
id: 663b10c10a4c0a0e095137ee
title: Step 18
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

> After returning the list `snake_cased_char_list`, you will need to join its elements into a single string using an empty string `''` as the separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of returning the list `snake_cased_char_list`, you will need to join its elements into a single string using an empty string `''` as the separator.
```

> Modify the return statement to return the list `snake_cased_char_list` joined with an empty string as a separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the `return` statement to return the result of joining `snake_cased_char_list` with an empty string as a separator.
```

# --hints--

> You should modify the return statement to join the `snake_cased_char_list` using the `join` method with an empty string `''` as the separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should modify the `return` statement to return the result of joining `snake_cased_char_list` with an empty string `''` as the separator using the `.join()` method.
```
